[ Music ]
>> Regina Meredith: One
of the biggest challenges
to making cohesive and
functional societies is a lack
of genuine communication
and egoless participation.
Healing a Broken World
offers strategies
that are clearer than most.
Why? Because the consultants are
beings from off planet cultures
or interdimensional beings.
As they observe this fragile
period of history we're in,
they see from perhaps a
more detached perspective
that the fixes are doable if
we can use some compassion
for one another and leave
our agendas out of it.
Byron Belitsos is the
co-author and publisher
of Healing a Broken World
which is based on a vast body
of work called the Urantia
Book, the advice that's given
in a sound and enlightening
manner I have to say.
Because a lot of
people say what?
We're having essentially
teams built
with off planet cultures
involved?
Sounds kind of far out
to a lot of people.
Not to me.
But we're going to
explain how it all came
about because it has
a lot of traction,
and there's some
pretty high up people
who have been using this
work for a very long time.
So first of all let's start
out with what is Urantia?
What was the Urantia Book
and then how it came about.
And you have time.
Just lay it out there for us.
>> Byron Belitsos: Alright,
I'm going to lay it out,
and I'm very delighted
to be on the program.
Thank you so much.
>> Regina: I'm happy
you're here, too.
>> Belitsos: Urantia is
actually purportedly the name
of our planet according
to the celestials.
So up there when they looked
down upon earth they
called it Urantia.
>> Regina: What's it mean?
>> Belitsos: It is simply the
name designated for the planet.
You could derive it from
the Greek word uranos
which means the heavens.
>> Regina: Okay, okay.
>> Belitsos: But they
never [inaudible] I happen
to know Greek.
>> Regina: Okay.
>> Belitsos: So that's why
they call it the Urantia Book.
It's a book for the planet.
And it has a planetary
perspective
that was premature you might say
because we didn't really
have planetary evolution
or perspectives in the 20s and
30s when this came through.
But that's when it came through.
So it's one of the
earliest statements
of a holistic planetary and
off planetary perspective
on humanity in our history.
>> Regina: Right.
And this was a channeled work
in a time long before
certainly the word channeling
or the concept of channeling
was known to society at large.
Although there have always been
people who were able to dial in
and receive information
from the other realms.
This is amazing because
of the sheer volume
of work that came through.
So let's talk about that.
Who did it come through?
How did it come through?
Over what period of
time and so forth?
>> Belitsos: A lot
of it is a mystery
as to how it came through.
It technically shouldn't really
be called a channeled work
because the lore about this is
that it did not get channeled
through a person
but it appeared.
>> Regina: Okay.
>> Belitsos: Now,
that's not proven.
There's historians
working on this,
but there's not much
documentation.
>> Regina: It appeared
how and where?
>> Belitsos: To a
group in Chicago.
>> Regina: But how
did it appear?
>> Belitsos: Literally
the papers
or chapters would
appear, materialize.
>> Regina: Without
human participation?
>> Belitsos: Without
human intervention known.
>> Regina: But wasn't there one
particular person that a lot
of it they were in
communion with regularly?
>> Belitsos: There
was one particular one
but actually a group of
six, and they're known
as the contact commission.
And that work was around
-- the core person,
the kind of chairman
of the group was a guy
named Sadler [phonetic],
a professor at University
of Chicago and a physician
who was a visionary but
also a real scientist.
He actually studied
with Freud at one point.
So he was well known and
a very prolific author.
So that's why some people think,
well, he wrote this thing.
But he was actually a skeptic
who was brought in to try
to debunk what was happening.
They were having contacts
through a contact person
who you could imagine being
like Edgar Cayce who was asleep
and these voices
would come through.
But that's not how the
Urantia Book came through.
That was how the celestials
oriented them to here we are,
we want to get to know you,
we want you to get to know us,
and then we're going to give you
a revelation a little bit later.
So on a particular day they
started, it was February 11,
1924, and from 24 until 1942
this material came through.
It would come through
one paper at a time.
There was 196 of them
so it's pretty big.
They would read it, they
being this core group,
and then expand it to
a much bigger group.
And then they would
feed questions back
through the contact personality.
We don't know who that is.
And they'd feed them
back to the celestials
and they would rewrite the
chapter based on the questions.
>> Regina: And then the
papers just would --
the lore is that the
papers would disappear?
>> Belitsos: Disappear.
Because it's kind
of inconceivable
that anybody could write this or
even channel it through the mind
because it's so superb in
its language and coherence.
>> Regina: But I
mean the essence
of a pure channel is there
is none of them in it.
Their mind isn't
participating in it.
>> Belitsos: I haven't
seen one yet.
>> Regina: You haven't?
>> Belitsos: No.
I've been to many,
many channels.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Belitsos: And there's
a little bit of them
and also their cultures,
skews of their linguistic
capabilities also.
The Urantia Book is
just it's so vast
that it can't come
from a single mind.
>> Regina: No, not from a mind.
I understand what you're saying.
Interesting.
So what happened to this doctor
after he came to debunk it?
How long did it take before
he became a full blown member
of the six?
>> Belitsos: A number
of years actually.
I mean he was participating,
and he was kind
of the guy holding
the space for this.
But there was a certain point
where he just said I've got
to throw in the towel.
This is so brilliant,
I just can't believe
anybody could make this up,
and it was in his field.
And his field was
mainly psychiatry.
And they depicted the
psychology of the 12 apostles.
He said it was such a brilliant
depiction of the 12 apostles
that just no human
could come up with that.
So that's when he
said I'm all in.
>> Regina: Okay, do you mind
just sharing a teensy bit
about that.
>> Belitsos: About
that particular --
>> Regina: Yeah, just about
that, that it impressed him
so much about the apostles.
>> Belitsos: They depict them
as very flawed individuals.
And they show all
these different sides.
I mean Peter had a really big
kind of flawed side of kind
of egocentrism and fear
that was very deep.
And he really didn't want to
get out there and do what he did
which he was the
key spokesperson.
And this other part of him was
a very talented public speaker.
So he had a very
conflicted inner life
until much later it says that he
finally synthesized these parts
of himself and became
the great Apostle Peter.
So that's one example.
John is another one.
>> Regina: Yeah, what
did they say about John?
A lot of people are
fascinated with John.
>> Belitsos: Oh, I just
love the depiction of John.
John was mild mannered.
He was pretty shy and
young, and he was kind
of pulled along by the others.
But he had a tremendous
kind of philosophic capacity
that developed and unfolded.
And that's why the Gospel
of John is different
because of who John was.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Belitsos: But
it was very hidden
when he was a young
man with Jesus.
So they talk about
how this was buried
and how it came forward later.
>> Regina: Okay, that's
just a little tease.
I know that this
is -- how fat is
that book, the Book of Urantia?
>> Belitsos: 2,097 pages.
>> Regina: 2,097 pages.
So if we want to get into it
then we can study the rest
on our own.
I'm not suggesting that you lay
out too much of it right now
because we want to lead
toward the subject at hand
because they had some pretty
profound advice about it.
So I would like to -- as we
start moving toward the how
to heal a broken
world let's just say
that the world became broken not
necessarily of its own accord.
Because they do acknowledge that
there have been other species
that have been here and have
interfered as well as assisted.
And maybe you can talk a
little bit about that part.
Often it's called
the fall of humanity.
What actually happened?
>> Belitsos: The Urantia Book
affirms that there was a fall.
But the fall is presented
in mythic terms
in the Bible and Genesis.
But much of Genesis does
point to the true history.
And what we, Urantia
believers think and believe is
that this is the true
history of what happened.
And there are two big phases.
There was a really,
really distant phase
when an off planet group,
kind of hybrid, angelic human,
come to present civilization
and the basic aspects of living
in civilization to humanity.
It was 500,000 years ago.
That particular group
went astray.
It went to the dark side.
>> Regina: You're talking
500,000 years ago it starts
lining up with what are
often called the Anunnaki,
[inaudible] and so forth.
>> Belitsos: That's why
Urantians tend to be friendly
to the theory of the Anunnaki.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Belitsos: The Anunnaki
is mainly seen at ETs.
The Urantia version is much more
sophisticated, and it's located
in a cosmology that's also
far more sophisticated
and more scientific I believe.
But we can use the term Anunnaki
because that refers to a kind
of rogue group that then kind
of intersplice their genes
so to speak with humans.
And the Urantia Book
says that did happen.
This group that incarnated,
these are avatars actually,
there were 100 of them,
began to interbreed
with the natives way back then,
and that's where
this legend begins.
But there's yet another
group that comes later
in another interbreeding
program that also went astray.
And that's the one
that's not easy to talk
about because it's Adam and
Eve which is considered mythic.
>> Regina: No, please
go into detail.
>> Belitsos: That's an
amazing section on Adam
and Eve that's very eye opening.
Because you take Adam and Eve it
sounds like it's a fairy story.
But this explains that every
planet has to have an Adam
and an Eve who are
beings who come
to bring a genetic
upliftment to the planet.
They're actually
going to interbreed.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Belitsos: And
so again that fits
in with the Anunnaki legend.
But the thing to understand
about the Urantia
Book is it says
that the celestial
hierarchy of our planet
who sponsored these
interventions and incarnations,
they were unseen, they
actually went to the dark side
which is a very, very
rare event on a planet
when the angels go
to the dark side.
But this is sort of overseen
by angelic beings
that are a hierarchy.
And fairly up in the
hierarchy someone named Lucifer
went astray.
And his lieutenant Satan, a
real person, with him went
around to various planets
to try to corrupt them.
Actually their gospel was
God doesn't really exist.
That was at the core of this.
And we're free to
do what we want.
And so down from that
teaching comes the sort
of satanic tradition, the dark
traditions of this planet.
And that was then taught by
these groups on the ground
who were interbreeding who were
supervised by these dark beings.
So that's where we get
the Illuminati bloodlines.
>> Regina: What's interesting
about that is even though
this was all an aspect
of an angelic realm
as you're saying,
the freedom of choice
exists all through.
It's not as though their
efforts were thwarted.
There was no intervention.
>> Belitsos: Regina,
I'm so glad you brought
up that issue of free will.
Angels have free will,
humans have free will.
That's the core of the
theology of the Urantia Book.
It also is Christian
theology and other theologies.
We are valued so much by the
divine that we're given freedom.
But there's always correcting
influences coming in.
So the Urantia Book states
that after the first
two major interventions
on the planet went astray, they
sent one after another prophet,
teacher and mission
to correct us.
>> Regina: Do they give similar
names that we would be familiar
with or entities
we'd be familiar
with as those who were sent?
>> Belitsos: Yeah, certain ones.
Certainly the Hebrew prophets
were part of this program.
And in particular Melchizedek.
Melchizedek is a name you hear
in the new age all the time.
So if you are interested in
Melchizedek look at the chapters
about Makavec [phonetic]
and Melchizedek is the name
of this person who
actually incarnated
on an emergency mission to
correct all these problems.
And he had a big problem because
when he incarnated there was
pandemonium on the planet.
This was the time of the rise
of the Egyptian priesthood
which was oppressive,
of the Brahman caste
in India which was oppressive.
And all around the planet there
were these oppressive religions.
And his mission was to teach
a liberating religion actually
to the world.
And so the Melchizedek
teachings which are unknown
to the world other than the
fact that Melchizedek appeared
to Abraham in Genesis.
It says this guy just
walks into his tent
and his name is Melchizedek,
and he's a priest
after the order of Melchizedek.
So that's where this comes
from, it's a Hebrew term.
So historically in the Bible it
refers to this mysterious guy
that shows up out of nowhere
and says to Abraham you're going
to start a new race that will
numbered as many as the stars.
So you can take that passage
and come to the Urantia Book
and then get a complete
background on who this guy was.
So this is around 2000 B.C.
>> Regina: What about
prior to that?
Were interventions
sent prior to that,
some of the more ancient
historical figures even?
>> Belitsos: There was
always the good angels.
So most of the Angelicos
went dark.
The other part was still active.
>> Regina: I see.
>> Belitsos: They were split.
And so the good angels
were always trying
to stop what was happening.
The other thing very important
is, it's a little complicated,
but within the original group
I mentioned 500,000 years ago
that split.
So one part of that went dark,
the other part did not go dark.
And that part continued
a tradition of the light.
They were like light workers.
>> Regina: So now was
that a similar split
to what Sitchin would
have written
about between Incan
[phonetic] and Leo?
>> Belitsos: I think so.
The Sitchin, yeah --
>> Regina: I know there
were misinterpretations.
A lot of people say the
work was highly flawed,
but there is also
some truth to it.
So I'm just saying in broad
strokes might it have been
that little [inaudible] split.
>> Belitsos: Yeah, I would
agree with that in a broad way.
Also amazingly the time line
that Sitchin gives
is almost identical
to the Urantia time line.
>> Regina: Yes, it is.
>> Belitsos: Urantia time
is 500,000 years ago.
The rebellion is 200,000 years
ago with the Nibiru Anunnaki.
The Urantia Book says
the same time line
around 200,000 years ago.
So actually they have
300,000 good years.
>> Regina: And it's
interesting, too,
because Sitchin's work
didn't come out until
after all of this, right?
>> Belitsos: Right, and I
don't think he was aware of --
>> Regina: And he
wasn't aware of it.
>> Belitsos: -- this.
And I've tried to find --
people can write a
bridge between the two
which nobody is doing it
yet, maybe I'll do it,
but there definitely is.
Except he says that the
Anunnaki are from planet X
and that's hard to prove.
And the Urantia says something
more interesting I think,
more explanatory.
But it's kind of the same
morphology so to speak.
>> Regina: Okay, so here we are
the second split you say is a
couple hundred thousand
years ago.
What happened then?
>> Belitsos: After
the rebellion --
>> Regina: Yeah,
after the rebellion --
>> Belitsos: [Inaudible]
rebellion,
so as I said the first
avatar group, I call it that,
the Urantia Book doesn't,
that first group split;
60 out of the 100 went to
the dark side procedure
which was do whatever
you want to do.
And 40 of them remained
loyal to the divine plan.
They set up a settlement
actually in an area north
of the Mesopotamia which is
where all this was happening.
And their leader was someone
named Van [assumed spelling].
And Van continues --
these were immortals.
So he continued all the way
down upholding these traditions
and sending out emissaries
for all those year while the
dark group was fighting them,
literally fighting them.
And there's now new
channeled material
from Timothy Widley [phonetic]
a very important author
who is brought through eight
volume history of what happened
in this period that is
not in the Urantia Book.
It's controversial, but it's
very good and very coherent.
And this tells the
story of the battle
between these two groups
that was planet wide.
And does uphold this theory
you hear in other places
that the developed
technology, advanced technology
and a weaponized technology,
they had to because the dark
side beings were weaponizing.
>> Regina: So would this be
reflecting then the period
of history we would know
as the Atlantean period?
>> Belitsos: The Atlantean
period and even previous
to the Atlantean period.
And these cultures spread out.
And the Van's culture, the
light worker culture, went east,
went to India, China and
then set up the Lemuria
in the Pacific, and that's
not in the Urantia Book.
So this is a new
revelation, it's not proved.
And then the Caligastia group,
it's known as Caligastia,
Caligastia was the head
of the planetary angels
who really went dark.
This group was more
around the Mediterranean.
And so these were warring
parties for thousands of years
until they had an
atomic war according
to Widley not according to
the Urantia Book, unproven.
>> Regina: But in some other
texts they also speak of this.
>> Belitsos: Other texts
speak of this, too.
>> Regina: Even in the
Puranas I believe there is
atomic activity.
>> Belitsos: Absolutely is.
>> Regina: So I have a
question here at this point.
What was it about -- was planet
Earth unique in some way?
What was it that
drove this huge split?
There had to be a
temptation of some kind.
What would have driven
these otherwise good natured
and intentioned beings into
this dark exploitive mode?
>> Belitsos: That's
why we need to stick
that in the Urantia Book
to explain the background
and orientation because it talks
about life on other planets
and how a normal planet
is supposed to be.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Belitsos: So this is
way, way, way abnormal.
>> Regina: This isn't
a normalist planet.
I understand that.
>> Belitsos: One in a million.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Belitsos: Literally
one in a million.
And it says in the
local group of planets
which is several million,
there's been several of these,
I think three of these
kind of rebellions.
So really like one to a million
chance of this happening.
>> Regina: So why us?
Why the human species?
>> Belitsos: Why us?
Chance. Because the rebellion
was in our local system
of inhabited planets which
is about a thousand planets.
So the angelic hierarchy in that
group was headed up by Lucifer.
Bad luck. He was our chief guy.
And his lieutenant was
Satan so we were doomed.
But they could not
convince all 1,000 planets.
They had the freedom
to go around
and say this is our gospel.
This God thing is a myth.
This afterlife is
a waste of time.
The whole scheme of
ascension is a fraud.
It really was sweeping charges.
And really what it's
all about is free will.
>> Regina: So we weren't
discerning enough on that one.
>> Belitsos: Even angels at this
kind of mid level were not --
these guys are so brilliant.
I mean brilliant beings,
and they can go astray.
The higher up angels just can't.
But at this middle level
there's a weak link.
So they had 37 planets that went
-- we were one of 37 planets.
So there are 37 known
as the rebellion planets
that are dark side planets out
of the 1,000 local planets.
And so it's believed at
least by me that some
of the ETs coming here are
coming from those planets.
Because those predatory
ETs that we hear
about I think must be
coming from those places.
>> Regina: That would
make sense, sure,
if they've been contaminated
so to speak.
>> Belitsos: But their
technology was far enough along
that they have interplanetary
travel but they're kind of dark
and exploitative which we can
see with certain ET groups.
>> Regina: And this work has
been around for a while now.
And when I heard your
talk a couple months ago
at Joshua Tree you
mentioned some
of the players we know the
names of who have been devotees
of this work, and maybe you
can explain just so we kind
of get kind of a
back door picture
of who these people
might have been.
>> Belitsos: The
ones we know about,
but there's many
I'm sure we don't,
Jimi Hendrix was
a fervent reader.
It said that he carried
the Urantia Book along
with his handbook
of Bob Dylan songs.
He carried the two with him.
>> Regina: Interesting.
Too bad it didn't comfort
him enough to stop some
of the outrageous drug use
that kind of got him down.
But what a beautiful being, what
a beautiful musician, artist.
>> Belitsos: He was
supernatural.
>> Regina: He was
supernatural, yeah.
>> Belitsos: No wonder
he was interested
in supernatural teachings.
>> Regina: Yeah, yeah.
>> Belitsos: Jerry Garcia died
with the Urantia
Book next to his bed.
And I personally validated that
because I live in San Raphael
where he -- and it is the case.
I've talked to sources,
and he was a reader
and was a committed
student of it.
And a lot of people in the
music business including,
believe it or not, Nashville.
>> Regina: Really?
>> Belitsos: Yeah.
>> Regina: Interesting.
>> Belitsos: So you
think of Nashville.
>> Regina: That would seem more
Biblically oriented but cool.
>> Belitsos: They're musicians
that [inaudible] people,
and really a lot
of those things.
Waylon Jennings, and who's
the one with the pigtails?
>> Regina: Willie Nelson.
>> Belitsos: Willie Nelson.
They're definitely
committed to the Urantia Book.
>> Regina: Oh, interesting.
How about politics,
people in politics?
>> Belitsos: Bill Clinton.
I have a very direct
source on that
that Bill Clinton had a
book in the Oval Office open
on his desk according
to a special ops soldier
who was being decorated
in the Oval Office
who saw it there twice.
He was there twice and talked
to Bill Clinton about it.
And it's certainly no surprise
because Clinton has that expanse
of intellect I think that
matches the Urantia Book.
>> Regina: Interesting,
there are a lot
of nuances in that one.
Okay, great.
So now we're getting to --
I mean that's getting closer
to the need for these
more well ordered
and better functioning
teams that you talk about.
Whether it's at Bill Clinton's
level and governmental level
or whether it's at a local level
or agency level we
don't do that very well.
There aren't very many
teams we see that don't seem
to blow apart at the seams
because of some kind
of internal conflict.
And so let's talk about now the
book, Healing a Broken World.
We can see how the
world became broken.
We're still suffering
from the vestiges
of that kind of oppression.
We're starting to find our way
out of it I think mentally,
emotionally and spiritually.
But still could use a little
helping hand, a little guidance.
So let's talk about Healing a
Broken World and how that came
through Daniel Raphael
who is the primary author.
You're the co-author
of this book.
>> Belitsos: Correct.
Daniel is part of something
called the Teaching Mission
which is part of something
called the Correcting Time.
And the Correcting Time was
launched after the Urantia Book.
I forgot to mention this to you.
>> Regina: Oh, yes, okay.
>> Belitsos: So it was
proclaimed by the beings
who wrote the Urantia Book
through various channels
that we're back.
They gave this book,
it was printed,
it's all over the world, it's
in 10 languages, 12 languages.
Now there's more to say.
They have a lot more to say.
Things have changed.
>> Regina: There was a
gap in there I take it?
>> Belitsos: There was a
generation of things developing.
>> Regina: A generational
gap, okay.
>> Belitsos: And in
particular they stated,
and this is controversial
in the Urantia community,
they stated the Lucifer
rebellion has been ended.
That is there was a
court case in heaven
that was settled in 1985.
And so the end of this --
there was various
things they terminated,
certain activities
were terminated
when Jesus incarnated.
Many of the key activities were
ended, but there was still more
to do because they
have to have a case --
they had to have a judgment
from these higher beings.
And that was handed down in
85 kind of right in the midst
of the worst part
of the cold war.
And they had no way
to let us know other
than through channels.
So this came through all
these different groups all
over the place.
And so we just had to
like say if it's coming
through all these people
independently it must be true.
So it's known as
the adjudication
of the Lucifer rebellion.
And with that they
announced the Correcting Time
which has two parts.
One part is using the
Urantia lingo to teach.
And the other part is teaching
without the Urantia lingo
which is the main part where
the angelic host is now
rehabilitated, is
working to end communism.
And they actually say
it was part of our work
that brought an end
to the cold war
because there were angelic
appearances to Gorbachev.
You may have heard this.
>> Regina: No, I have
never heard that actually.
>> Belitsos: Just a whole play,
it's documentation of the fact
that the had two angels that
came to him and worked with him.
Yeah, you can look
that up and see that.
And it was just a lot of
influence by a certain type
of angel that can
work on social change,
they have like angels
of social change.
So they said a lot of
these things you're seeing
around you are work
co-creative, not just us.
We're working through you.
When you're ready
then we work with you.
When you get the idea
we enhance the idea.
We don't necessarily
give you the idea
because we're not really
allowed to do that.
It has to be your idea.
But then we tweak it and improve
the idea and enhance the idea.
So the many movements
that we see now
like the environmental
movement, for example,
they say we're a
part of that, too.
Everything positive
we're a part of.
But we still have a battle
against the Luciferic party
which are the humans
that were part
of these Illuminati families.
And they're still wealthy,
active, but we're cleaning it
up but it's taking time.
So that's why you see
this back and forth.
Things are going well for
a while then 9/11 happens.
And that is in my humble opinion
not just a secular thing.
>> Regina: Exactly.
>> Belitsos: That's
off planet involvement
to really move us backward.
Progress went backward
at that point.
So they're stating
it's a pretty rough go
because you have very
strong Luciferic leadership
on the planet.
It's mainly hidden away but
sometimes not so hidden.
So we launched yet
another program called the
Magisterial Mission.
So that's what this book
is really the first book
of this mission.
So there's really two
missions of these beings.
One is called the
Teaching Mission
which is spiritual teachings,
I've published many
books of that.
And then graduated to a
social transformation teaching
which I'd never heard of
anything quite like it
where high beings are
teaching cultural and social
and political transformation
to individuals.
And that's what this is.
>> Regina: It's very
nicely done.
I mean it's a small
book but it's packed
with pretty much everything
you need to know to create,
as you say, a socially
sustainable,
indefinitely sustainable future.
>> Belitsos: They use the term
sustainability in a new way.
I have been researching
and finding that scholars
in the field do use this
term but not too much.
Mainly they mean
environmental sustainable.
But people who really know
the score know we need
social sustainability.
>> Regina: Exactly.
>> Belitsos: I mean
it's kind of obvious.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Belitsos: But this
is fairly radical
in that it says you might
as well not think too much
about environmental
sustainability unless you have
institutions that can implement
environmental regulation,
and you really don't.
I mean look at global warming,
look at climate change.
You really don't have the
ability to regulate it
because you don't have
sustainable institutions
that can make decisions,
that can deliberate.
So you would have thought, I
would have thought at least,
that they'd work with the United
Nations, they being celestials
and they would work with the
United Nations and work with,
I don't know, World Bank
although that's probably a
dark entity.
But they'd work with
these institutions and try
to tweak them to do this.
But they said, and I got
this actually in dialogues
and others as well, not just me.
Actually one time I just said
why aren't you coming to us?
We're just regular citizens.
We're mystics.
I mean why don't you work
with these big parties
that can really influence
the world.
And they said, well, we just
don't think they're going
to do it.
And many of them are corrupt
and they're part of self --
>> Regina: A lot of them
still have the dark agenda,
satanic rituals and
all that going, too.
>> Belitsos: They do.
>> Regina: Hard to
get through, yeah.
>> Belitsos: Or if they're not
part of it they're influenced
by it they're influenced by it
and they're in that mind set.
And they further went on,
and for some years they've been
saying, their system is slowly
like an attrition, it's
just slowly collapsing.
But then it's going to be a very
sudden acceleration of collapse.
And you can't fix it
so don't even think
about fixing these institutions.
>> Regina: So we're talking
about all the known systems?
>> Belitsos: Yeah.
>> Regina: Economic,
etc., governmental.
>> Belitsos: Governmental,
economic.
>> Regina: And so
what did they say
that collapse will look
like, and what kind
of time frames are they looking
at before the disintegration
and then new consciousness,
new systems rising?
>> Belitsos: Within our lifetime
there will be systemic collapse.
We've seen pretty close to that.
>> Regina: We're seeing it, yes.
>> Belitsos: So it's not
hard to believe that.
And they started saying that
before the collapse in 2008.
They were saying it in 2006.
And I thought, God, this
is it, it's happening,
2008 is what they're
saying, it's so soon.
But the system can
self-heal somewhat,
but really bailing themselves
out isn't going to work forever.
So they said, well, just
look at the evidence.
Or look at other civilizations
that have collapsed
and almost every single one.
I mean name one that didn't.
Every single one,
China or Roman Empire,
whatever it is these
empires have gone away.
So you, too, will go away but
this time on a planetary scale.
But I mean there will
be surviving structures
and libraries and things
will still survive.
But we're going to give you
something that's grass roots.
So their approach
is grass roots.
Which to me sounds pretty tough.
So citizens have to do it.
And then in these dialogues
and this is just one,
there's like 2,000 pages of
stuff, we got it down to 100.
We said how are we going to
get these people to do this?
They said people will run to
do this at a certain point
because they will want --
>> Regina: I would agree.
>> Belitsos: -- to
rebuild their institutions.
And they'll need a
methodology to do this,
and they'll need
something simple.
And there's plenty of
great stuff out there.
But we simplify it down
to three basic things.
>> Regina: Yes, and
then how to utilize that
and the participants and
the nature of their roles.
So a lot of this when you're
reading the book you have the
comments from the
entity that is involved,
the celestial being
named Monjoronson?
>> Belitsos: Monjoronson
or Monjoronson.
>> Regina: Okay, and so tell us
a little bit about this being.
>> Belitsos: Monjoronson is
a very high celestial being.
In the Urantia it's not really
a hierarchy, it's a holarchy.
He's a being of status
from the central universe.
The central universe is an
eternal universe according
to the Urantia Book so they
don't have a big bang cosmology.
So beings that come out
from the central universe
which is also known
as the mother universe are
very, very high beings.
And they come to planets on
very important dispensational
missions which is the
termination of an age
and ushering in a
new age, another age.
And this is a celestial thing
as well as an earth thing.
So they're actually working with
the angels around our planet
to move them forward, and
they're working with us.
So he is that type of being.
He is known as a
magisterial son.
And they incarnate.
So this will be an avatar event.
And so every normal
planet has such a being.
But because we're not normal
he has a very special program
adapted for our big problems.
Normally if a magisterial son
comes things are pretty good,
and you don't have nuclear wars
and you don't have genocide.
But you have to really
move forward,
and you need a world teacher.
So he becomes the
maitreya, the world teacher.
And so he incarnates
for that purpose.
But in this case they have
all these programs most
of which we don't know about.
This is just one of them,
it's a big one, though,
to get grass roots
reconfiguration
of society creating
this database
of socially sustainable
institutions
that are universally
valid cross-culturally.
So that as we're moving
into collapse you can just
pull this off the shelf.
And if you want to design a
healthcare system you've got
to design.
It's not coming from
the United Nations.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Belitsos: Or some
capitalist corporation.
>> Regina: It's very
clear and practical.
Everything I read in there
was very clear and practical
and beautifully articulated.
>> Belitsos: Thanks.
Yeah, I mean these are
very articulate beings.
Their English is perfect.
It's just amazing.
So it makes it easy for us
because you just kind of put it
in a book and there it is.
>> Regina: Right, so
let's talk about that.
So let's talk about the
three core values they say is
absolutely necessary no matter
where you are in the cosmos
to have societies that function
well, bring the most out
and sustain themselves.
>> Belitsos: So throughout
the cosmos there are billions
of inhabited planets
according the Urantia Book
and according to many others.
If you observe how they become
sustainable there's a certain
set of principles
that are always there,
and they're really common sense.
Sustainability socially
means, number one,
you can't have inequality.
Because eventually you're going
to have a revolution of the poor
versus -- so that's
not sustainable.
So you say, well, okay
now we have equality
but that's not going
to be sustainable
because pretty soon you're going
to realize we don't have
a quality of life here.
We're like in prison here.
Everybody is equal, and
that's what communism is like.
So we need to add
quality of life.
I mean everybody is
surviving and not starving,
so let's add quality of life.
That's the second value.
The third value is growth.
So imagine a situation where
everyone in this situation,
let's say a country,
everybody is equal,
everybody has got quality of
life and everybody is growing,
personal growth, spiritually
growing, self-realization.
Where do you find
that happening?
Well, maybe Shangri-La or
something but it's utopia.
>> Regina: Maybe kind of in a
few intentional communities,
but they're having issues
of their own as well, yeah.
>> Belitsos: That's
really the idea
of an intentional
community, isn't it,
it's equal and they're growing.
Yeah, so it's like a utopian
vision, but they use logic.
And they say, look, I
mean think about it,
where do you find
something stable
that doesn't have these three?
Like a family for example.
I mean the children ought
to have certain rights.
And it's not that the parents
are dictating to the children.
So you need some
kind of equality
of rights, equal rights.
A quality of life.
If the family doesn't
have quality
of life the kids act out,
they start getting crazy.
And if people aren't growing
then they aren't growing up.
>> Regina: Right.
And it's interesting because in
our cultures now growth always
seems to come at the expense
of the inequality issue.
Someone wins, someone loses,
someone exploits,
someone provides.
And when you look at just
our human personalities
and behavior you have
your A type personalities,
B type personalities
and so forth.
This is not eradicating
our native nature.
We can live within nature it
sounds like without having
to violate that inequality
issue for growth.
>> Belitsos: As a student
in college I was actually
studying aristocracies.
I don't know why I
was attracted to it.
I was a history student.
I was very attracted to
the French aristocracy.
And later when I was doing
this work I realized, oh,
this is the case of
the quality of life.
They have high quality
of life in aristocracies.
No wonder I like it.
Great music, great art, great
writing, poetry, all this stuff.
>> Regina: Food,
clothes, it's all there.
>> Belitsos: All of it, and
they're growing as people.
But it's totally corrupt because
the peasants are repressed.
And I don't know if that exactly
responds to what you said.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Belitsos: But it's just
the experience of this in once
in a life where you recognize
here I am living in the suburbs
of San Francisco where
I live in Marin County
where it's a great quality of
life, and I go over the bridge
to Oakland and it's really
sometimes quite a mess.
There's a lot of
crime over there,
and that's just a
few miles away.
>> Regina: I mean the
difference between Marin County
and certain areas of Oakland,
I've spent a lot of time in each
and was raised partially
in Marin County,
I mean here you're
looking at sort
of the best of the best in life.
Even the weather is
pretty much perfect.
Camelot. And then you go over
into Oakland into certain areas
of Oakland and it's so desolate.
Not only are there
not jasmine and roses
and beautiful things growing,
you're talking about dirt,
not even grass growing and
dogs and chain link fences,
and people whose eyes
are so sad, so empty,
so angry and desperate.
So close together these two
realities including the Oakland
Hills, from the Oakland Hills.
>> Belitsos: Yeah, just
come down the hill.
>> Regina: So that
isn't working.
>> Belitsos: Yeah,
that's not working.
So think of social
sustainability as a culture
where it's like a stool
where there's three legs.
Equality has to be
there, that's one leg.
The other leg is
quality of life.
And the third leg is growth.
The stool can be stable.
Oakland could be a stable place
and not have all this crime,
not have uprisings
like the occupation.
The occupied movement was an
uprise, it was a good uprising,
but it disrupts life to have
uprisings to try to fix things.
So you have to have that
stool that's stable.
And how you get that into these
institutions of government,
of business, industry
that's a big job.
>> Regina: So it sounds
like the beings involved
with this were very
intentional, as you say,
in starting on a
grass roots level.
You can take a PTA
group or whatever
and really apply these
principles for something
of high function, and that's
not to make light of the PTA.
A lot of things happen in
the schools or not happening
in the school actually,
they can't get things done
there anymore starting
with raising the children
in the way they need
to define their own talents,
their own desires and so forth.
So let's talk about
where it begins.
>> Belitsos: Just
look at schools.
I mean schools there's
the sense of equality.
Everybody goes to school, either
public school or some kind
of education is required
as it should be.
So we're all equal.
We all go to junior,
elementary and high school.
But beyond that there's really
not much quality there unless
you go to a private school and
you get some quality there.
But are people really growing?
Well, we find a lot of
them are dropping out.
And so schools are
not sustainable.
I think that's obvious
to all of us.
So how would you get
that to be the case?
Well, we're going
to have a tax base
to fund high quality
education across the board.
No discrepancies by
race or class or region.
And so I think it's
straightforward.
You've got to have music.
You've got to have art.
You've got to have kids
learning about civics.
You've got math and science.
>> Regina: And use their bodies.
>> Belitsos: What's that?
>> Regina: Physical education.
Let people use their
bodies again.
>> Belitsos: That's it so
they can grow and be strong
and so all these things.
And also fostering
personal growth
in classes on personal growth.
Sex education is important, too.
And all that gives you a
socially sustainable tool.
So if you wanted to do
a design you would start
as a social sustainability
design team.
You would instigate a team.
And you would invite people
who are interested in education
or in education or teachers,
and you have a citizens' group
that would have, if I may,
talk about the structure
of the group.
>> Regina: I would like to
talk about the structure
and the roles various
people play, yes.
>> Belitsos: So you
have like the organizer.
The organizer has division.
We've got to fix schools.
So let's try to do
this in Oakland.
I will recruit some people, not
too many, six, seven, eight,
nine people to be in this
committee really, it's SSDT,
social sustainability
design team
or just team or design team.
And you follow the procedure
in the procedure in the book
which is you get a facilitator,
not necessarily the organizer,
someone who is good
at facilitation.
That person is going
to set up a procedure
so that the others
can do their job.
And the other jobs are
inquiring, questioning.
So you have several members
who are good at that,
good at questioning,
good at researching.
And you actually have meetings
where they're asking questions
and having deliberations.
And there's another role
called the recorder,
and the recorder is taking
it all down and providing --
it's more than just
being a secretary.
They're providing good summaries
for the next meeting,
for example.
And they're reading back, this
is what we're now talking about.
So you get into a process
for weeks or months even
until everybody agrees that
we've hit the bottom of this.
We've got to the
core assumptions.
>> Regina: And that's
a big thing.
Assumptions, every
assumption has to be evaluated,
but not only that and torn
apart and restructured
because assumptions are at
the base of all dysfunction.
You have incorrect assumptions.
And in addition to that
you have people coming
and maybe running their
own agenda for maybe sort
of egoic or personal gain.
That's not going to work there.
>> Belitsos: If you get the
group aligned spiritually
with one another, and
there needs to be exercises
and we have them in the
book of prayer together,
of energetic alignment so that
you don't have people acting
out egoically more or less.
But if somebody does
you call them on it.
So there are methods
for sort of --
facilitation methods of
collaborative deliberation
where you are honest with one
another because you've bonded
and so you can be honest.
So it should be a lot of fun
to meet with colleagues and get
to the bottom of what is
the issue with education.
>> Regina: It's really
a pure kind of analysis.
It's not agenda driven other
than the agreed upon sole
agenda of the group, right?
>> Belitsos: It's like everybody
becoming a Socratic philosopher
in a way.
It's pure in that sense.
We just have questions.
We don't have answer.
I may think I have answers.
I'll put them on the table, but
we're going to tear that up.
We're going to get below that,
and that's really
what philosophers do.
They get to the assumptions
underneath these conclusions.
And that's what a real
mature society does.
That's what Congress
should be doing.
Congress should be having
deliberative discussions
about the assumptions behind
all of these programs.
Instead it's at this
other level of just --
>> Regina: Oh, it's so broken
it's not even worth addressing.
It really does have to be
refashioned from the ground up.
>> Belitsos: They don't
have true debates.
>> Regina: No.
>> Belitsos: Those committees
are just dominated by parties.
>> Regina: Absolutely.
>> Belitsos: You
abolish parties.
You would have each
individual in the light of God
and the truth is
getting to the --
really like Socrates
asking the hard questions.
So every citizen being
like Socrates that's
an ideal society.
That's real civic participation.
And it's also fun to do
because I've done some of this.
And if it's something
you care about --
>> Regina: Yeah.
No, to me it sounds exciting.
The process itself
sounds exciting.
And so as you have people
that are participating
in these various roles, first
of all you just ask questions,
and you get down to stripping
bear some incorrect assumptions
that have been creating a
dysfunctional environment,
right?
Then what?
>> Belitsos: Also you're
out doing research.
>> Regina: And you're
>> Belitsos: You're actually
reading the literature --
>> Regina: Your inquiring
minds are doing the research.
>> Belitsos: The inquiring
group is doing the research.
Anybody can do research,
bring it to the table
and say this is what we know.
This is the data we
have from the Department
of Education right now.
This is the data we have
from the Oakland Department
of Education and here's
what we're facing here.
So you'd have that
in, the data has to be
in front of you as well.
Here are some other designs
that we've heard about.
Let's look at their designs.
So whatever you could
bring into --
your own experience
as a teacher.
Here's what I found
out as a teacher.
My kids were a mess because
some of them came in hungry.
You've got to deal with that.
We've got to make sure
kids are getting breakfast.
Real basic things
are brought in.
You just write this stuff all
up and have a lot of notes
until you get to -- when you're
ready, you don't know quite
when you're ready until
you're ready, when you know
that we can give a summary that
includes all three core values
of social sustainability.
That's called a validation
statement.
So those three that
we mentioned.
You actually write a validation
statement saying this is how
we're going to implement
this in each of these areas
of education, all three all
at the same time in each case.
Can't just have two,
have to have all three.
>> Regina: And the ultimate
goal in this which I love,
I mean it's one of
my favorite topics,
is about taking humanity
back into an encouraging
and safe space where every
person's innate talents
and innate abilities and
capabilities no matter
who you are and what you bring
to the table everyone
has the support and right
to offer their talents
to the world.
If you're only capable of
doing one thing in life to do
that one thing well, and
that's what you want to do
as a human being, that's what
you should be able to bring
to your life and to the table.
>> Belitsos: That's
a mature society.
That's where everybody
participates.
Everybody has access to
education and healthcare
and resources they need.
They can go to the bank and
get a loan and start a company.
Everybody can do that.
And so everyone, even if
they don't have a high IQ,
can fully get into
self-realization
and even spiritual
self- realization.
That's called a sustainable
society.
And the Urantia Book actually
shows you cases of other planets
that are socially sustainable.
>> Regina: Oh, interesting.
>> Belitsos: It describes them.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Belitsos: Yeah.
>> Regina: Okay, now in this
process the one you left
out when you were talking
about the group members
is the consultant.
That's where it's different
than terrestrial groups,
just purely terrestrial groups.
>> Belitsos: Thanks, Regina,
I'm glad you brought that up.
I have a little mental
block about that
because it's a little
controversial now even among our
own group that you
would bring in someone
that would transmit
these beings.
But that is what is requested
is that there be one more role
which we call the consultant
or the spiritual consultant.
It's very important actually.
So when the group gets stuck on
something or when we really have
to call somebody on their egoic
trip and you're really stuck,
you say, well, we've got
to turn to our consultant,
and that's somebody sitting
around the table with you.
Would you ask the celestial
who is working with us,
so you've implemented a
relationship with a celestial
for your team, and
they've got plenty of them,
they're not too busy for us.
So you request a celestial
angelic being to be able
to transmit through this
consultant, advice and wisdom
to get through these issues.
>> Regina: Stumbling
blocks, yeah.
>> Belitsos: Stumbling
blocks of the group.
But if you're not comfortable
or if you can't find someone
that's clairvoyant enough
to do this then find somebody
that's wise that's respected
and has great intuition,
and let them be that role.
So they'll just tune into their
intuition, and they can be
that consultant to the
group to break through,
to make breakthroughs
where you can't get it
through rational
thought so to speak.
>> Regina: And I like that idea.
I interviewed a man years ago,
Rob Williams [assumed spelling]
and again recently on Gaiam TV,
and he talks about corporations
because of the broken nature of
corporate America, each needing
to employ what he calls a
corporate Shamanic officer.
Someone who comes in that
always holds the largest view,
the most holistic view, and
that every decision that's made
in that corporation has to
be run through the wisdom
of that individual before
it can be implemented
which makes perfect sense.
>> Belitsos: That's
the same idea.
>> Regina: And in a way it's
like in Israel in the Parliament
where they have the
seven generation factor
which when you're examining your
legislation you have to know
that it's sustainable for
seven generations out ideally,
I mean in an ideal
piece of legislation.
So this is, again, what
you're talking about in terms
of this long-term
social sustainability.
I mean what excites me about it
is you're talking about a planet
where people are alive and
doing what they want to do,
what they're talented at rather
than this ridiculous worker
bee species we've gotten
ourselves into.
Did the beings comment on that
at all, what we've become?
>> Belitsos: Oh, all the time.
>> Regina: Tell us what their
view of us is if they were
to look at us and, you
know, what we've become
when we are innately
so talented.
>> Belitsos: Number
one unsustainable.
Number two heading
toward systemic collapse.
And the citizens are
oppressed in every direction,
financially but spiritually.
And they do comment a lot
about how spiritual practices
are undertaken on our planet
which they're stereotypical,
they're rigid.
People are not taught
free inquiry
into spirit, real meditation.
They actually teach
practices they call stillness.
And they'd like the whole
planet to sit still.
>> Regina: I bet they would.
>> Belitsos: And
listen to spirit.
And they continually
talk about that.
And they say if you don't do
that you really don't break
through the discursive
mind to the deeper places.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Belitsos: And it's very
important teaching in general,
not just in this connection.
Yeah, it's a deplorable
situation.
And other planets, with
the technology we have,
never have a technology
of this sophistication
and have whole continents
of people who are dying
and starving at the same time
and civil wars going
on all the time.
I mean they have a whole section
on abolition of war,
for example.
And I actually did a book on
that called One World Democracy
which talks about their system
of how do you abolish war.
And they all the time
point to the fact
of how can this continue.
I mean there will be a
nuclear conflagration.
>> Regina: Right.
And it seems like
there's always an elegance
and really sublime
intelligence the way they seem
to position this
information to humanity.
It starts with the family, too.
Let's talk a little bit --
we have maybe ten
minutes or so left.
Let's talk about when
you start with the family
and even pre-conception
what their view
of sustainability
really looks like.
>> Belitsos: Yeah, they talk
a lot, there's a chapter
about the family and
how as a child comes
in there's consciousness
in each step.
So the couple really needs
to have training before
they're married in marriage.
And really they advocate
in Urantia Book also there
should be marriage certificates
which say I have been trained.
You're taught in schools that
are public schools in how
to be a couple and
how to be harmonious.
Also that the couple begin
to think even before marriage
and certainly after
marriage how they'd
like to really plan
their family.
It's family planning but with a
spiritual aspect to it as well.
We're bringing into the world
a cosmic citizen who is endowed
with divine attributes.
This is very precious.
How do we take this being and
bring them up year by year?
And actually in the text it
has how do we make sustainable
individuals, not just groups.
So a sustainable
child is this child
that has a well balanced
personality.
They're getting everything
they need when they need it.
The timing is critical
that they're giving
it at the right time.
So that's real true education
understands the timing
of how the psyche evolves,
how cognition evolves,
how the emotions evolve.
All these things
have to be done.
And the parents are
going to have
to be the implementors
for the most part.
So they have to have
some serious training
to create sustainable
individuals.
On advanced planets the parents
are doing the moral education.
You're not taking them outside
to Sunday school so much
which is under the sort of
oppressive church hierarchy
with rigid -- it's really
done freely by the parents.
And many families we know
from even in the Bible
that were high functioning
families,
but mainly we don't have
this and we don't understand.
And we're not conscious
about family life.
And this adds some elements
I've not heard before.
Actually I would
put it this way.
It brings everything together --
>> Regina: Give us a
hint of one or two.
>> Belitsos: -- in one place
I've never quite seen it
that way.
It reminds me of
Ken Wilber's work
with all the different
lines of development.
You know there are basic
lines, emotional kinesthetic,
intellectual, spiritual lines
that have to develop in balance
in order to have the sustainable
individual and not somebody
who is going to end up as
an egomaniac or depressive
or dismissing something
that's important in life.
Certain emotional
development is arrested.
That's not sustainable because
eventually they're going
to have disease.
>> Regina: Disease on
a number of levels.
One thing I've noticed
even in the Waldorf system,
Rudolph Steiner's
anthroposophical method
of education was the thing that
came first was that you were
to develop your creativity and
your confidence with each other.
And if you've been in a
Waldorf school the kindergartens
in particular everybody
wants to go back
to kindergarten once you
see a Waldorf kindergarten.
I mean this is a
fairyland, a paradise.
There are no computers there.
There's nobody pushing
you to learn math
at that stage of the game.
It's not so much inward
as outward expression.
And what these little kids do
with each other is to me amazing
because creativity
always comes first.
It precedes all other learning.
And it seems to me what you're
saying in this to be able
to give that beautiful
environment
to a child is the very thing,
they need to have the permission
to start expressing
themselves without fear.
Even if it's something
that doesn't make sense.
Instead of by the time you're in
kindergarten training them to go
on to this private
school, that private school
so you can get a job as
an engineer or something.
Ick. That's not life.
>> Belitsos: That's
what you would do
in a social sustainability
design team looking
at education.
Let's take Steiner's
philosophy of education.
What are the assumptions
under that?
Is creativity really the key
thing we need at this age?
Is he right about this?
Let's go deeper.
Let's compare that to
Piaje's [phonetic] system
or some other system
and put it all together.
And that's what they're
saying is there's a lot
of great information but it's
not been put together according
to the three criteria.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Belitsos: And so they're
simplifying it with something
to focus your mind around.
When you get to the
three and you feel it
and you sense it then write
this validation statement.
And that sounds kind of
odd that this is all going
to just come down
to a statement.
Did you get it right?
Yes, it is.
Because the validation
statement goes with your design
to the database,
this global database.
And people are going to read
your validation statement
and say, you know, I don't
think that's quite right.
I'm going to redo this.
I'm going to take
all their data,
I'm going to take the Steiner
stuff and all this other stuff,
and I'm going to do a
better version of a design
of an elementary
school, and I'm going
to put that in the database.
So when you go to the
database you're going
to see a bunch of designs.
And over time cross-culturally
there will be a
validated design.
That's the idea of this.
>> Regina: So we only have
a couple minutes left.
We have this little graph.
It's basically the
schematic of how it works.
So if you can run through that
in a couple minutes before
we wrap that would be great.
See how this looks, how it
works, how it functions.
>> Belitsos: Okay.
Well, walking through that grid
there's a part we didn't get
to so I'll get to that.
So you have the three
principles.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Belitsos: You have the
value that that principle is.
Then you have a belief
that's based
on the principle
which is obvious.
If you believe in the value of
education you have a belief.
Well, my belief is
everybody should go
to Steiner type education.
That's your belief.
Then you have two more things
that are in this schematic.
One is what would you
expect at a Steiner school?
Let's map that out.
And then how do we
measure that this works.
So you need to have some
empirical scientific data,
actually measure these kids.
Do intelligence tests,
do various cognitive
tests and emotional tests.
And those measurable
outcomes are
in this schematic
for a good reason.
And this is scientific.
This is not just a [inaudible].
>> Regina: Right.
>> Belitsos: So the
schematic takes you
through every single belief
that you have about education.
You could line them
up, there might be ten.
So you have to go
across and down.
The across has the value then
the belief, the core belief,
then the expected outcome,
and then the measured outcome.
Then you write your validation
statement to go with that.
So you're filing the
validation discursive statement
with this schematic together
in the database for
the whole planet.
>> Regina: It's well
thought out.
And with that we're out of time.
And I want to thank you so
much for teasing us also
with a little bit of what
else is in the Urantia Book.
I'm sure a lot of people
find it fascinating.
Very, very useful strategy.
Beautifully done.
>> Belitsos: My privilege
to be here.
Thank you, Regina.
>> Regina: Thank you.
I have no problem with
using unseen beings
and making decisions.
I do it all the time.
Perhaps we need to bring
the conversation to more
of an expanded view
of consultants,
bring that center stage to
bring the greatest clarity
to our most important
conversations.
Meanwhile you can find out the
rest of the story by picking
up a copy of Healing
a Broken World,
or the big one, the
Urantia Book.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]